Document concurrency for config policy controller (#3810)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/config_policy_ctrl.adoc

See the policy samples that use https://nvd.nist.gov/800-53/Rev4/control/CA-1[NIST Special Publication 800-53 (Rev. 4)], and are supported by {product-title-short} from the https://github.com/stolostron/policy-collection/tree/main/stable/CM-Configuration-Management[`CM-Configuration-Management` folder]. Learn about how policies are applied on your hub cluster, see xref:../governance/policy_sample_intro.adoc#supported-policies[Supported policies] for more details. 

Learn how to create and customize policies, see xref:../governance/manage_policy_overview.adoc#manage-security-policies[Manage security policies]. Refer to xref:../governance/policy_controllers.adoc#policy-controllers[Policy controllers] for more details about controllers.

[#configuration-config-policy-controller]
== Configuring the configuration policy controller

> You can set concurrency to the configuration policy controller and change the frequency of object evaluation on a managed cluster. To change the default value of `2`, replace the `policy-evaluation-concurrency` value within the quotes with your desired non-zero integer. The value can be found on the `ManagedClusterAddOn` object called `config-policycontroller` in the managed cluster namespace of the hub.

Reviewer: The word "desired" is not desired. I don't think it translates well. The style guide suggests "required" or "that you want" instead.

> You can set concurrency to the configuration policy controller and change the frequency of object evaluation on a managed cluster. To change the default value of `2`, replace the `policy-evaluation-concurrency` value within the quotes with the non-zero integer you want. You can find the value on the `ManagedClusterAddOn` object called `config-policy-controller` in the managed cluster namespace of the hub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure the concurrency of the configuration policy controller per managed cluster to change how many configuration policies it can evaluate concurrently. To change the default value of `2`, set the `policy-evaluation-concurrency` annotation with a non-zero integer within quotes. You can find the value on the `ManagedClusterAddOn` object called `config-policy-controller` in the managed cluster namespace of the hub.
```

[#configuration-config-policy-controller]
== Configuring the configuration policy controller

> You can configure the concurrency of the configuration policy controller per managed cluster to change how many configuration policies it can evaluate at the same time. To change the default value of `2`, set the `policy-evaluation-concurrency` annotation with a non-zero integer within quotes. You can find the value on the `ManagedClusterAddOn` object called `config-policy-controller` in the managed cluster namespace of the hub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure the concurrency of the configuration policy controller per managed cluster to change how many configuration policies it can evaluate at the same time. To change the default value of `2`, set the `policy-evaluation-concurrency` annotation with a non-zero integer within quotes. You can set the value on the `ManagedClusterAddOn` object called `config-policy-controller` in the managed cluster namespace of the hub.
```
